[API design] Fleet-maintained apps for Windows tweaks (#27181)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| Name | Type | In | Description |
| ---- | ---- | -- | ----------- |

> | team_id  | integer | query | If supplied, set `software_title_id` on the response when an installer or VPP app has already been added to that team for that software.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| team_id  | integer | query | If supplied, set `software_title_id` on the response when an installer or VPP app has already been added to that team for that software.  |
```

> | team_id  | integer | query | If supplied, set `software_title_id` on the response when an installer or VPP app has already been added to that team for that software.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| team_id  | integer | query | If specified, each app includes the `software_title_id` if the software has already been added to that team.  |
```

    {
      "id": 1,
      "name": "1Password",
      "platform": "darwin",

>       "software_title_Id": 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "software_title_id": 1
```

Lowercase `id` right? I think that's consistent with the rest of the API.

Author: Yep, not sure how that got in there. Will fix.

    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "name": "1Password",
      "platform": "windows",

>       "software_title_Id": null

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "software_title_id": null
```

Lower case `id`

    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "name": "Box Drive",
      "platform": "darwin",

>       "software_title_Id": null

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "software_title_id": null
```
